what is up still to this day I have to
defend the basic concept of critique of
the role of criticism within veganism
still to this day we have problems with
censorship within veganism and it's the
most ridiculous thing but it has to be
taken seriously
my problem as a vegan has never been the
turkey industry trying to silence me
it's never been the cheese industry
trying to silence me it's never in the
cigarette industry or the pulled pork
industry or the fur industry alright I'm
a vegan I common the internet and talk
about vegan politics I care about vegan
politics I try to get organized with
other vegans to militate for a vegan
world in the future I've want to put it
save the planet
remember that's look at when you come
out you're trying to save the planet
guess who you get resistance from guess
who your enemies are
guess who's trying to shut you down and
silence you with other vegans now one of
the most hilarious and extreme examples
of this is durianrider durianrider and
his ex-girlfriend freely they shut down
and silenced and bullied and harassed
many channels and I'm gonna pop in a
clip here somewhere in this video you're
gonna get the clip it's only a couple
minutes long of a very very small
channel I'll give the link to her
channel of course think she says she had
50 subscribers just a few dozen viewers
on her channel so she's probably
uploading videos just for her friends
and family to watch and you know a few
people who know her from Facebook or
something and nevertheless she got a
fallacious copyright strike a copyright
claim made by Doreen Ryder now what this
video fails to explain to you here is
that he's claiming she doesn't have the
right to criticize his book his publish
ebook because in so doing in criticizing
his book she is sharing copyrighted
material so in the United States this is
actually the core of the American
concept of fair use is that I have the
right to play clips from a movie if I'm
criticizing the movie if I'm reviewing
the movie if I'm discussing the movie I
have the right to play clips from an
album to play clips of music if I'm
presenting you with a critique or
discussion of that music and above all
else in matters of politics I have the
right to quote or play clips from any
political leader anything political this
is the the most tightly protected form
of freedom of speech right and it is
needless to say that a scientist
debating dubious health claims someone
in nutritional science would have the
right to use Clips if their video clips
or audio clips or quotations of text it
does not matter that the text is
copyrighted the role of critique itself
is sacrosanct so we have a fundamental
absurdity here because durianrider is
abusing what the copyright system exists
for he's abusing fair use in its
strictest legal definition which is the
definition used by YouTube because
YouTube is an American company YouTube
could choose to embrace a British or
Japanese legal standard but they don't
they use the American legal standard and
I myself had to struggle with this again
it's not the meat industry trying to
shut me down with other vegans trying to
shut me down employing these types of
tactics so most recently we can forget
that they're vegans sometimes Tara
McCarthy and Cory McCarthy his and her
team husband and wife team here on
YouTube they filed a claim against one
of my videos and they didn't make it a
copyright claim they flagged a video in
which I was quoting them my quotation of
them they flagged as hate speech in
order to get this video banned and taken
off the internet unbelievable so that's
a real Ouroboros you don't know an
Ouroboros says this is like the image of
a snake you know devouring its tail how
is it possible for me to be an
anti-racist criticizing someone as being
racist if I can't quote them to show how
racist they are in the course of my
critique without me being censored again
by my fellow vegans for using that
quotation we're in a similar absurd
situation here with this small youtuber
she doesn't really spell it out for you
but she posted a critique of
ebook which i think is mostly just about
being thin and beautiful and being on
permanent vacation this kind of thing
she posted that critique but in so doing
she was using quotations from or images
of the text in the e-book and he shut
that down as supposedly a violation of
his copyright hello my lovelies I do
hope you're well I'm just sharing this
video because the person who was
seemingly struck with this copyright
strike
Rebecca's world is a small YouTube
channel and she's being struck by
someone significantly larger so I think
it's only fair to broadcast it so more
people can see the smaller channel side
I know I'm not much larger but you know
any level helps maybe it might be worth
sharing it yourself if you feel like
that's only fair Rebecca's channel link
is in the description and for me this
whole situation is just a demonstration
that in moving forward we can do so much
better than just ourselves and refused
to allow criticism to exist but you go
directly to her channel link below in
the description check out this video
well well well
someone is salt a so a few weeks ago I
did a video pretty much summarizing nor
vegans exposure on both durianrider and
his girlfriend Tory about how not only
are their ebooks completely copyrighted
but they literally have also taken dr.
MacDougall's health advice way out of
context and for the record I think that
particular part is important but I
really don't care about the whole long
twisted history of you know who slept
with whose girlfriend I mean it was
really just about the ebooks and well
you know what I don't know about you but
I think it's insanely hypocritical that
someone who was copyrighted an e-book is
now going out and copyright striking
other channels especially when there
very tiny and ill relevant just like
mine so now that we all know that they
are watching tiny little channels like
mine here is a message for Harley and
Tory no one wants to buy your shitty
overpriced ebook you [ __ ] have been
caught with not only copywriting but
anyone with half a brain would know that
your advice is completely stupid
dangerous and completely
counterproductive to losing weight so
once again you [ __ ] have been caught
so [ __ ] deal with it for the rest of
you if any of you speak out against
Harley Tory or their ebooks you possibly
risk getting your channel copy striped
as well a bonus Yin